Evil wiggling on the underside
of the showy superhero society...
No matter how many times they're driven back,
they hide in the darkness,
storing up strength...
They start to move again...
I expect nothing less from Master,
finding so easily the destination
of those guys that I couldn't find
"Villain - Tomura Shigaraki - Quirk: Decay"
no matter how hard I looked.
"Villain - Kurogiri - Quirk: Warp Gate"
It was worth having them on standby,
wasn't it, Tomura Shigaraki?
I guess.
I was contacted by the union.
They said they could deliver
the goods by tomorrow morning.
They were hastily put together,
so they don't look like much,
but the quality is guaranteed.
I apologize for asking
for something unreasonable.
Hey, Shigaraki...
"Villain - Giran"
Do you know why the union
accepted your unreasonable request?
'Cause everyone's got
high expectations of you.
If the League of Villains becomes active,
then those smoldering
in the dark will start to move.
If that happens, then those
like me can share in the profits.
Don't worry.
You'll soon be so busy
you won't be able to keep up.
I'm looking forward to that.
Anyway, thanks.
My pieces and prey have
all arrived at the destination.
Then, it's time to start the game.
The prestigious school that
turned out many heroes, U.A. High School.
Enrolled in their hero course,
I continue to run toward my dream,
standing up to any difficulties
and saving people with a smile...
...in order to become the greatest hero!
U.A. High has finished its first semester
and started summer vacation.
However...
Those of you trying to be heroes
will not receive days of rest.
At this summer training camp,
we'll have you aiming for even
greater heights--for "Plus Ultra"!
Yes, sir!
Deku, it's finally time for the
training camp in the woods, huh?
"Ochaco Uraraka - Quirk: Zero Gravity"
"Izuku Midoriya - Quirk: One For All"
Y-Yeah, that's right, Uraraka!
So close...!
What's the matter?
Well, um...
Do you like...
I-It's time for training camp!
Training camp! Training camp!
Training camp! Training camp! Training camp!
"Mina Ashido - Quirk: Acid"
"Denki Kaminari - Quirk: Electrification"
Uraraka and the others are so excited...
"Neito Monoma - Quirk: Copy"
What? There are people in
Class A taking extra classes?
Does that mean you had
people who failed the finals?
What? Isn't that weird? Isn't that weird?
Even though they're supposed
to be way better than Class B?
How can that be?
Sorry!
Monoma's scary.
Oh, it's Class B--
We kind of met during the sports festival,
but nice to meet you, Class A.
Yeah.
"Itsuka Kendo - Quirk: Big Fist"
We're getting on the bus!
Okay!
Not just the girls from Class A,
but the girls from Class B will also be there!
"Minoru Mineta - Quirk: Pop Off"
It'll be like a buffet
we can pick and choose from!
"Eijiro Kirishima - Quirk: Hardening"
That's about enough out of you.
Class A's bus is this way!
Line up in seat order!
"Tenya Iida - Quirk: Engine"
Everyone, the bus will stop
once in about an hour.
After that--
Let's play some music!
"chatter chatter chatter"
"Pro Hero - Shota Aizawa - Quirk: Erasure"
Oh, well.
This is the only time
they'll be able to play around.
"Wild, Wild Pussycats"
Finally taking a break, huh?
I gotta pee!
Anyway, does this even count as a rest area?
Huh? Where's Class B?
--B-B-B-Bathroom!
--There's no point stopping without a reason.
Huh?
Where's the bathroom?
Hey, Eraser!
Long time no see.
Lock on with these sparkling gazes!
Stingingly cute and catlike!
Wild, Wild...
...Pussycats!
These are pro heroes who will be working
with us during the camp, the Pussycats.
They're a four-person
hero team who set up a joint agency!
They're a veteran team that
specializes in mountain rescues!
This year will be their twelfth workin--
I'm 18 at heart!
At heart...?
Y-You're 18!
She sounds desperate.
Greet them, everyone.
Nice to meet you!
We own this whole stretch of land here.
You all will be staying
at the foot of that mountain.
So far!
Huh? Then why did we stop here?
Could this mean...?
No way...
Why don't we get back to the bus, huh?
Fast.
Yeah. Let's do that.
It's 9:30 a.m. right now.
If you're fast...
Maybe around noon?
No way... guys...
Let's get back!
Get back to the bus!
Hurry!
Kitties who don't make it
by 12:30 won't get any lunch!
Sorry, ladies and gentlemen.
Training camp...
...has already begun.
Wh-What is this?!
The ground is rising up?!
Hey!
Since it's private land,
you can use your Quirks as you wish!
You have three hours!
Come to the facility on your own two feet!
After getting through... The Beast's Forest!
"The Beast's Forest"?!
That name sounds like it came
right out of Dragon Quest!
U.A. does stuff like this way too much.
It's no use complaining.
We just have to go.
I held it! I held it!
Now to hide in the shadows and...
It's...
...a beast!
"Koji Koda - Quirk: Anivoice"
Calm down, kind beast!
Stay back!
Koda's Quirk, which is supposed
to subdue animals, didn't work?
A dirt clod...
I get it!
With Pixie-Bob's Quirk...
It's a really crazy schedule, though, Eraser.
Well, we're planning to
have them acquire early
what they normally would get
at the beginning of their second year,
so it's going to be crazy no matter what.
Permits to use their Quirks
in the time of an emergency--
A provisional license allowing
them to work as heroes.
With villains being so active right now,
they also need to learn
how to defend themselves.
One For All...
...Full Cowling!
"Shoto Todoroki - Quirk: Half-Cold, Half-Hot"
Reciproburst!
"Katsuki Bakugo - Quirk: Explosion"
Die!
Smash...!
Well then, I continue
to count on you, Pixie-Bob.
Leave it to me!
My fur's standing on end!
You guys defeated that beast in an instant?
You did it!
You did it... and I did, too...
You're amazing, Bakugo!
Not yet!
Hey, come on.
How many of them are there?
What should we do? Run away?
This is no joke.
If we don't make it to the facility
by noon, then we don't get lunch.
Then we have no choice but to get
through here and take the shortest route.
"Momo Yaoyorozu - Quirk: Creation"
Ribbit.
All right. Let's go, Class A!
Yeah!
"Mezo Shoji - Quirk: Dupli-Arms"
There are three up ahead!
Two each on either side!
"Kyoka Jiro - Quirk: Earphone Jack"
Seven total. They're coming!
All right, here I go!
"Hanta Sero - Quirk: Tape"
Sato! Kirishima!
"Rikido Sato - Quirk: Sugar Rush"
"Fumikage Tokoyami - Quirk: Dark Shadow"
Dark Shadow!
Got it!
"Mashirao Ojiro - Quirk: Tail"
Aoyama, now!
"Yuga Aoyama - Quirk: Navel Laser"
The finishing blow, right?
Damn it!
It's you guys' fault that my pants are wet!
Get away, Mineta!
1.3 Million Volts!
Yay...
Birds of the forest!
Remove the evil beasts from this place!
Take that!
"Toru Hagakure - Quirk: Invisibility"
Oh, no! It's gonna get me!
Hagakure, good job being the bait.
There!
Everyone, please take cover!
You did it, Yao-momo!
Okay, Tsu!
Leave it to me!
"Tsuyu Asui - Quirk: Frog"
Ribbit...!
Ribbit!
Release!
More have appeared!
Don't get in my way, Half-and-Half Bastard!
I'm not in your way.
Let's go, Midoriya!
Okay!
Hi-ya! Is that how you wanna play?
Kota, we're going.
This is pointless.
Are they stupid?
Saying they want to be heroes...
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class 1-A"
"Birthday: 10/8" "Height: 108 cm"
"Blood Type: A" "Likes: Women"
"Minoru Mineta"
"Quirk: Pop Off"
"He can pull ball-shaped objects from his head that can stick to anything and be used for offense or movement."
"Affiliation: U.A. High School Hero Class Teacher"
"Birthday: 11/8" "Height: 183 cm"
"Blood Type: B" "Likes: Cats"
"Shota Aizawa"
"Quirk: Erasure"
"He can erase the Quirks of whoever is in his field of vision."
"Training Camp - Day 1"
Oh, you're finally here, meow!
That took quite some time.
What do you mean, three hours?!
That's the time it would've taken us. Sorry!
You were trying to boast
about how much better you are?
That's mean...
I'm hungry... I'm gonna die...
But honestly, I thought
it would take even longer.
You guys didn't have as hard a time beating
my earth beasts as I thought you would.
You guys are great... Especially...
...you four!
Were you able to act without
hesitation because of your experience?
I'm looking forward to
where you'll be in three years!
I call dibs!
Wh-What are you...?!
--Stop that! Get away!
--Mandalay... was she always like that?
She's a little desperate, since she's
about the suitable age for, you know...
Speaking of "suitable age"--
What about it?
I-It's been bothering me for a while...
Whose child is that?
Oh, not one of ours.
He's my cousin's kid.
Come on, Kota. Greet everyone.
You'll be with them for the next week.
Oh, um, I'm Midoriya from
U.A. High School's hero course.
Nice to meet you.
Midoriya!
You brute of a nephew!
Why would you do that
to Midoriya's scrotum?!
I don't intend to hang out
with guys who want to become heroes!
"Intend"? Just how old are you?!
Precocious brat.
Isn't he kind of like you?
What? Not at all!
Anyway, shut up, you GG bastard!
Sorry.
Enough with this charade.
Get your stuff off the bus.
Once you've put your bags in your rooms,
we'll have dinner in the cafeteria.
After that, you'll bathe and go to sleep.
We'll start for real tomorrow.
Now, move quickly.
Thanks for the food!
Really? So the girls' room is a normal size?
Are the boys in a big room?
I wanna see it! Hey, can I go see it later?
Sure, come whenever!
So good! Rice is so good!
"clack clack clack"
It's soaking into my internal organs!
It's a match for Lunch Rush's cooking!
I can keep chewing forever!
A clay hotpot?!
Is that from a clay hotpot?!
Yeah.
But man, it looks like you guys were
so hungry that you're acting weird...
Anyway, today's the only day we'll be doing
stuff for you, so eat as much as you can.
Thanks!
Oh, Kota!
"Vegetables"
Can you bring those veggies?
Well, frankly, food and
stuff isn't really that important.
That's not what I'm here for.
I know that much, at least.
What I'm here for is beyond that wall.
What are you talking to
yourself about, Mineta?
This feels great!
I love that there are hot springs here.
See, there they are...
Nowadays, for them to not stagger bathing
times for men and women is an accident...
Yes, an accident waiting to happen.
Don't tell me you're...
Mineta, stop it!
What you are doing is demeaning
for both yourself and the girls!
It is shameful behavior!
You're too fussy.
Walls...
...are meant to be climbed over!
Plus Ultra!
For a time like this...
For a time like this, I...
Before learning to be a hero,
you need to learn about being human.
Damn kid...!
Mineta really is the worst, huh?
Thanks, Kota!
Yay, yay!
Look out!
He just fainted from fear at the fall.
Thanks.
I heard from Eraser that there was
an embodiment of lust among the boys,
so I just had him there keeping watch.
These days, girls develop
quickly, don't they?
Anyway, I'm glad he's okay.
You must've hustled to save him.
I don't intend to hang out
with guys who want to become heroes!
Kota has a negative view
of heroes, doesn't he?
For me, I've always been surrounded
by people who wanted to be heroes--
Oh, me included...
So I thought it was unusual for a boy
his age to feel the way he does...
That's true.
Of course, there are many people in
society who don't think well of heroes...
If he had been raised normally,
maybe he would've admired heroes, too.
"Normally"?
Mandalay's cousin--
Kota's parents--were heroes,
but they were killed in the line of duty.
Two years ago...
protecting citizens from a villain...
For a hero, it was a respectable
way to die... an honorable death.
But...
P-Papa... Mama...
But a child barely aware of what was
around him couldn't understand that.
His whole world had
revolved around his parents.
"My parents left me behind..."
But society kept praising them, saying it was
a good thing for heroes... a wonderful thing.
He doesn't seem to like us much,
either, since we're also heroes.
But it's like he's just here because
there's nowhere else for him to go.
To Kota, heroes are a kind of human
he can't understand and finds unpleasant.
It's because that trash
is smiling thoughtlessly,
as if there was no one he couldn't save!
It's a very irresponsible thing to say that
makes it seem like someone else's problem,
but there are people
with many different beliefs.
As I listened to these different opinions
one after another, I couldn't say a word.
"Training Camp - Day 2"
Good morning, ladies and gentlemen!
Today, we will begin training camp
to increase your strength in earnest.
The goal of this training camp is
to increase everyone's strength
and with that, for everyone
to obtain their provisional licenses.
It is to prepare you all to face hostilities
that are becoming more real by the minute.
Proceed carefully.
So Bakugo,
try throwing that.
This is from the fitness test...
Your previous record, from right after
you started school, was 705.2 meters.
Let's see how much you've improved.
Oh, we're checking our progress?
Since a lot has happened
these past three months, huh?
Maybe he can throw it
a kilometer or something now!
Do it, Bakugo!
Then...
Here I go...
Go to hell!
"Go to hell."
709.6 meters.
Huh? It's less than I thought...
It's been about three months
since you started high school.
Through various experiences,
you all have definitely improved.
But that improvement has mainly been
at the mental and technical levels,
with some increase in stamina.
As you can see, your Quirks themselves
have not improved that much.
That's why we will work on
improving your Quirks starting today.
It'll be so hard you'll feel like dying,
but try not to actually die...
We got a delivery from Tomura!
"Villain - Himiko Toga"
He said there's enough for everyone,
so we should bring it with us.
Throbbing... It's throbbing...
Let's hurry up and go!
It's still early.
Besides, didn't he say
we shouldn't do anything flashy?
Yeah, even though
he attacked me right after we met,
he's suddenly acting like he's in charge.
This is just a signal fire.
Those empty heroes will
be pulled off their pedestals...
"Villain - Dabi"
To create a brighter future.
"Preview"
Here's the preview!
It looks like Kota, a relative
of Mandalay from the Pussycats,
is prejudiced against heroes.
What in the world happened to him...?
Next time, "Kota."
"Next time: Kota"
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!